README.md, before:

# reStructuredText Language Support for Visual Studio Code

This extension provides rich reStructuredText language support for Visual Studio Code.
Now you write reStructuredText scripts using the excellent IDE-like interface
that VS Code provides.

![reStructuredText in Visual Studio Code](images/vscode.png)

## Features

- Syntax highlighting
- Code snippets
  - `code`  			Code block
  - `image` 			Image
  - `link`  			Link
  - `attention` 		Attention
  - `note`				Note
  - `warning`			Warning
  - `error`				Error
  - `hint`				Hint
  - `important`			Important
  - `caution`			Caution
  - `danger`			Danger
  - `tip`				Tip
  - `admonition` 		Admonition
  - `rubric`			Rubric (footnote)
  - `doc`               Doc reference

  To trigger snippets, please refer to [Visual Studio Code shortcuts](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/customization/keybindings).

## How to Install from Gallery

This extension is hosted at [Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items/lextudio.restructuredtext)

1. Press `F1` to show all commands.
2. Type `ext install` and hit `Enter`.
3. Change the command to `ext install restructuredtext` and hit `Enter`.

When the extension information is displayed, click the install button.

## Contributing to the Code

Check out the [development documentation](docs/development.md) for more details
on how to contribute to this extension!

## License

This extension is [licensed under the MIT License](LICENSE.txt).  Please see the
[third-party notices](Third Party Notices.txt) file for details on the third-party
files that we include with releases of this project.

## Logo
The project logo comes from [Legendora Icon](http://raindropmemory.deviantart.com/art/Legendora-Icon-Set-118999011) by [Teekatas Suwannakrua](http://raindropmemory.deviantart.com/).

Commit message:

Added a new way to work with sphinx.

README.md, after:

# reStructuredText Language Support for Visual Studio Code

This extension provides rich reStructuredText language support for Visual Studio Code.
Now you write reStructuredText scripts using the excellent IDE-like interface
that VS Code provides.

![reStructuredText in Visual Studio Code](images/vscode.png)

## Features

- Syntax highlighting
- Code snippets
  - `code`  			Code block
  - `image` 			Image
  - `link`  			Link
  - `attention` 		Attention
  - `note`				Note
  - `warning`			Warning
  - `error`				Error
  - `hint`				Hint
  - `important`			Important
  - `caution`			Caution
  - `danger`			Danger
  - `tip`				Tip
  - `admonition` 		Admonition
  - `rubric`			Rubric (footnote)
  - `doc`               Doc reference

  To trigger snippets, please refer to [Visual Studio Code shortcuts](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/customization/keybindings).

## How to Install from Gallery

This extension is hosted at [Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items/lextudio.restructuredtext)

1. Press `F1` to show all commands.
2. Type `ext install` and hit `Enter`.
3. Change the command to `ext install restructuredtext` and hit `Enter`.

When the extension information is displayed, click the install button.

## Integration with Sphinx

Check out the [workarounds](docs/sphinx.md) for more details.

## Contributing to the Code

Check out the [development documentation](docs/development.md) for more details
on how to contribute to this extension!

## License

This extension is [licensed under the MIT License](LICENSE.txt).  Please see the
[third-party notices](Third Party Notices.txt) file for details on the third-party
files that we include with releases of this project.

## Logo
The project logo comes from [Legendora Icon](http://raindropmemory.deviantart.com/art/Legendora-Icon-Set-118999011) by [Teekatas Suwannakrua](http://raindropmemory.deviantart.com/).
